README.md, before:

# awesome-diy [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![CodeOfConduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of%20conduct-1.3.0-ff69b4.svg)](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/)
A curated list of open content for building your own sth.

Because there is no better way to learn things than *building your own* version of that thing. *BYO for short.*

----

## Programming Languages

  - [BYO Lisp](http://www.buildyourownlisp.com/contents) - Learn the C programming language and at the same time learn how to build your very own programming language.
  
  - [BYO Pascal](https://ruslanspivak.com/lsbasi-part1/) - Build your own simple Pascal interpreter using python.

## System Tools

  - [BYO shell](https://brennan.io/2015/01/16/write-a-shell-in-c/) - It is a walkthrough on how to write your own simplistic Unix shell in C.

  - [BYO Text Editor](https://viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/) - This booklet walks you through building the editor in 184 steps. Each step, you’ll add, change, or remove a few lines of code.
  
## Tools

  - [BYO Calculator](https://www.freecodecamp.org/challenges/build-a-javascript-calculator) -  Serie of videos for building a calculator using Javascript.
  
## Web

  - [BYO webserver](https://ruslanspivak.com/lsbaws-part1/) - Step by step learn how to build a web server from scratch.
  
-----

# License   [![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This work is licensed under a [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0).](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

games: Tic tac toe + AI

README.md, after:

# awesome-diy [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![CodeOfConduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of%20conduct-1.3.0-ff69b4.svg)](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/)
A curated list of open content for building your own sth.

Because there is no better way to learn things than *building your own* version of that thing. *BYO for short.*

----

## Games

  - [BYO Tic Tac Toe](https://medium.com/front-end-hacking/tic-tac-toe-javascript-game-b0cd6e98edd9) - Build your own Tic Tac Toe game and with a very simple AI allowing to play the game against the computer.

## Programming Languages

  - [BYO Lisp](http://www.buildyourownlisp.com/contents) - Learn the C programming language and at the same time learn how to build your very own programming language.
  
  - [BYO Pascal](https://ruslanspivak.com/lsbasi-part1/) - Build your own simple Pascal interpreter using python.

## System Tools

  - [BYO shell](https://brennan.io/2015/01/16/write-a-shell-in-c/) - It is a walkthrough on how to write your own simplistic Unix shell in C.

  - [BYO Text Editor](https://viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/) - This booklet walks you through building the editor in 184 steps. Each step, you’ll add, change, or remove a few lines of code.
  
## Tools

  - [BYO Calculator](https://www.freecodecamp.org/challenges/build-a-javascript-calculator) -  Serie of videos for building a calculator using Javascript.
  
## Web

  - [BYO webserver](https://ruslanspivak.com/lsbaws-part1/) - Step by step learn how to build a web server from scratch.
  
-----

# License   [![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This work is licensed under a [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0).](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
